Authorizes the Commission to: (1) adopt the regulatory technical standards for securitisation, (2) develop draft regulatory standards to ensure compliance with the requirements of this Regulation. (3) ensure that such standards apply to all securitisations. (4) ensure the integrity of the regulatory framework and the level of transparency of the securitizations in the Union. (5) establish a European Supervisory Authority (ESMA) to ensure that the requirements for such regulatory standards are complied with. (6) establish an EIOPA and EBA special purpose entity (EIOPA) in connection with securitiations of which there is no appeal. (7) establish the European Supervision Authority (ESA) to provide the appropriate regulatory standards for the establishment of such entities. (8) establish and maintain a central database of regulatory technical requirements. (9) ensure consistent application of the regulations. (10) ensure compliance of the requirements set out in this Regulation and the EBA and EIopa. (11) ensure adequate regulatory oversight of the securities of which are issued before 1 January 2019. (12) ensure a consistent application and the implementation of the Regulation. The Commission shall develop common draft regulatory requirements specifying criteria for establishing such standards. (13) ensure consistency in the regulatory process. And (14) ensure appropriate regulatory compliance. (15) ensure effective enforcement of the provisions of the Act. (EU) No. 1092/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the supervision of financial institutions and investment firms. (16) ensure timely implementation of such regulatory requirements and the adequacy of the compliance of such requirements. Requires the Commission, in close cooperation with the EMA, to adopt the requirements provided for in the Act, to establish a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardised synthetic securits. (17) establish procedures and procedures for the resolution of such obligations. (18) ensure implementation of certain regulatory requirements, including the requirements specified in this Act, and ensure consistent harmonisation in relation to the regulatory requirements of the Commission. (19) ensure regulatory compliance with certain regulatory standards. And, (20) ensure enforcement of certain provisions of this Act. Requires EBA, EBA (EBA) and EICOPA to develop draft regulations to ensure consistent implementation of these provisions. (21) establish standards for ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. And: (22) establish mechanisms for ensuring that the regulatory authorities in the Commission's jurisdiction are adequately qualified. (23) ensure proper supervision of the financial institutions, insurance undertakings and EIA. (24) provide the necessary regulatory requirements for the supervision and the enforcement of such provisions. And(25) provide for the enforcement and supervision of certain specified provisions of Regulation.EU. (EC) No 1095/2010 and (26) provide specified regulatory requirements to the Commission and the Council. (27) provide specific regulatory standards and procedures. (28) provide a specific regulatory framework for the recovery and resolution of financial instruments. (29) provide appropriate regulatory requirements regarding the activities and supervision. (30) provide certain regulatory criteria. (31) provide regulatory requirements relating to financial institutions. (32) provide an EBA or EICopa with regard to the supervision requirements for financial institutions or investment firms, (33) provide relevant regulatory standards, (34) provide additional regulatory requirements related to financial instruments, and (35) provide other regulatory requirements including: (36) the requirements related thereto and (37) the requirement for the EIC to comply with certain requirements..g